---
title: "Call for Participation"
date: 2019-11-22
type: grcon/grcon21
layout: single
aliases:
  - grcon-2021/submit
  - grcon21/submit
---

# >>  [Click here to submit a proposal!](https://pretalx.gnuradio.org/grcon21/cfp) <<

GRCon 2021 celebrates and showcases the substantial and remarkable progress of
GNU Radio over the past two decades. We invite developers and users from the GNU
Radio community to present your projects, presentations, papers, posters, and
problems at GNU Radio Conference 2021.

We invite developers and users from the GNU Radio Community to present your
projects, presentations, papers, posters, and problems at GNU Radio Conference
2021. Submit your talks, demos, and code!

## Submitting

You may make one or more submissions under the following categories for
presentation at GRCon. In addition to submitting a presentation, you may submit
a paper to the Technical Proceedings of GRCon21. You do not need to submit a
paper to the Proceedings in order to present at GRCon.

We request that papers are formatted according to this [LibreOffice
Template](/grcon_format_libreoffice.odt) or [LaTeX class](/grcon.tar.gz).

**Talks** are 30 minutes long, including 5 minutes reserved for audience
questions. Each presentation should be a slide-deck that can be shared publicly
(PDF) after the conference. Real-world results using GNU Radio and hardware
will be favored over simulation-only work.

Talks will be recorded and published on the GNU Radio YouTube channel after the
conference.

**Papers** can be submitted with or without a talk.  Authors are encouraged to
attend the conference, but it is not a requirement for paper acceptance.
Detailed real-world results using GNU Radio are encouraged.

**Workshops** are 1–4 hours long, and should have an educational or “How-To”
approach, with a large hands on portion. If slides are used, they should be
publicly shareable (PDF) after the conference.

**Lightning Talks** are very concise (4-5 minutes), talks on topics of high
interest to GNU Radio users and developers, and provide a chance for new
presenters to share their use cases, projects or demos.

**Posters** can display any type of material that you believe is interesting to
the community, and while most posters are technical, they don’t have to be.

To submit your content for the conference, visit our dedicated conference
[submission site](https://pretalx.gnuradio.org/grcon21/cfp).

## Dates

First round closes **1 May 2021**.  Final round closes **1 September 2021**.

All contributions submitted by 1 May 2021 will get a final decisions of
acceptance by **14 May 2021**.

All contributions submitted between 1 May and 1 September will be
accepted/rejected on a rolling basis. We do not guarantee a notification
deadline for submissions after 1 May. Submissions for presentations may close
sooner than 1 September if all available speaker slots are taken.

If you have questions or need assistance with the submission system, or have
content that doesn't quite fit and you want to talk it over, please write
[`grcon@gnuradio.org`](mailto:grcon@gnuradio.org). 

If your submission is accepted, you **must** register for the conference or
your talk will be dropped from the schedule. Please use the speaker registration
in this case in order to lock in the regular price.

Please note that submitting a paper to the Technical Proceedings is **not**
required to submit a Talk, Tutorial, or Poster, but is **strongly** encouraged.
You also do **not** need to attend the conference to publish in the Technical
Proceedings.

